Add citation section to GIS applications (#1721)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/pdal.md

[Examples for using PDAL in Puhti](https://github.com/csc-training/geocomputing/tree/master/pdal).

## License 

> PDAL is licensed with the BSD open source license. The full licence can be found [here](https://pdal.io/copyright.html)

Author: ```suggestion
PDAL is licensed with the BSD open source license. The full licence can be found from the [PDAL webpage](https://pdal.io/copyright.html)
```

> PDAL is licensed with the BSD open source license. The full licence can be found from the [PDAL webpage](https://pdal.io/copyright.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDAL is licensed with the BSD open source license. [The full PDAL licence](https://pdal.io/copyright.html)
```
